Fix query extractor given an bad request error when query string is empty. (#117)
tokio-rs/axum: CHANGELOG.md

- Add support for WebSocket protocol negotiation. ([#83](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum/pull/83))
- Use `pin-project-lite` instead of `pin-project`. ([#95](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum/pull/95))
- Re-export `http` crate and `hyper::Server`. ([#110](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum/pull/110))

> - Fix query extractor given an bad request error when query string is empty. ([#117](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum/pull/117))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fix `Query` and `Form` extractors giving bad request error when query string is empty. ([#117](https://github.com/tokio-rs/axum/pull/117))
```
